Compactor: Add Metrics To Track Sparse Index Header Upload (#10878)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Ruler: Add `user` and `reason` labels to `cortex_ruler_write_requests_failed_total` and `cortex_ruler_queries_failed_total`; add `user` to
    `cortex_ruler_write_requests_total` and `cortex_ruler_queries_total` metrics. #10536
* [CHANGE] Querier / Query-frontend: Remove experimental `-querier.promql-experimental-functions-enabled` and `-query-frontend.block-promql-experimental-functions` CLI flags and respective YAML configuration options to enable experimental PromQL functions. Instead access to experimental PromQL functions is always blocked. You can enable them using the per-tenant setting `enabled_promql_experimental_functions`. #10660 #10712

> * [CHANGE] Store-gateway: Include posting sampling rate in sparse index headers. When the sampling rate isn't set in a sparse index header, store gateway will rebuild the sparse header with the configured `blocks-storage.bucket-store.posting-offsets-in-mem-sampling` value. If the sparse header's sampling rate is set, but doesn't match the configured rate, store gateway will either rebuild the sparse header or downsample to the configured sampling rate. #10684 #10878

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: Include posting sampling rate in sparse index headers. When the sampling rate isn't set in a sparse index header, store gateway rebuilds the sparse header with the configured `blocks-storage.bucket-store.posting-offsets-in-mem-sampling` value. If the sparse header's sampling rate is set but doesn't match the configured rate, store gateway either rebuilds the sparse header or downsamples to the configured sampling rate. #10684 #10878
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid using the future tense.
